(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"!
I can'’’t believe you turned
them... into cards!
They got what they deserved.
They'’’re from Duel Academy!
My sworn enemies.
We'’’re on the same side!
I'’’ll be the judge of that.
Anyone can claim to be against
Duel Academy or to be my ally.
But words can deceive.
Lies have cost me too much,
and now I trust no one.
So let'’’s duel!
Kite...
Kite Tenjo.
One of the best, if not the
best, in all of Heartland.
Kite used to duel with joy.
Now all I sense...
is rage.
A rage so intense it'’’s
consumed him completely.
Let'’’s duel!
As long as Kite
has that dragon,
they can'’’t let
their guard down.
Oh, Yuya, you worry
too much!
Kite's precious little dragon
will never make an appearance
in this duel.
No, you'’’re wrong.
What'’’s that?
I Xyz Summon!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
Cipher Stream of Destruction!
Aah!
Enough!
We're here to put
an end to this war,
and we can'’’t stop it
unless we work together!
Save your breath.
(grunts)
It'’’s useless.
He doesn't want to listen.
Then I guess I'’’ll have to let my
cards do the talking for me!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
You may think your
judge and jury,
but I'’’m not letting you turn
anyone into a card, Kite!
You dare oppose me?
You must be from
Duel Academy!
No, I swear I'’’m not!
Don'’’t you dare deny it.
I know full well that they want
me neutralized!
After all, I turned all their
soldiers into cards.
But still, that'’’s nothing
compared to their crimes.
Crimes that you played
a part in!
I only unleashed my wrath
on Duel Academy
because of what happened
to my friends.
You turned them all into cards.
Well, unfortunately for you,
two can play at that game!
And unless you beg for
forgiveness...
you'’’re going to
pay most dearly.
I'’’m not your enemy, but I won'’’t
be turned into a card!
Go!
(computer voice)
Generating Action Field
Crossover!
Many have tried
to take me down,
but all have failed,
as will you.
(computer voice)
Action Cards dispersed.
Let'’’s duel!
Let's duel!
Allow me, won'’’t you?
I'’’ll start by summoning out
Cipher Wing!
And when Cipher Wing
is out on my field,
if I have another Cipher Wing in
my hand, I can summon it, too!
He'’’s got two
Cipher Wings again?
Next I'm going to activate
the spell
Double Exposure from my hand.
Which means my Cipher Wings
Levels double to 8.
That'’’s bad!
Yeah, really bad!
I overlay my two Level 8
Cipher Wings.
With these two monsters, I build
the Overlay Network!
Now, by way of the cosmic
energies
that make up our galaxy,
I'’’ll make something just as
mighty.
I Xyz Summon...
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
I Xyz Summon Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
It'’’s nearly as big as a galaxy!
That'’’s Kite'’’s top monster!
Not good.
I'’’ll then end my turn with...
a facedown!
Yuya,
please, listen to me.
In your duel with Jack Atlas...
When you battled, you were able
to really get through to him.
But you must realize
that's because
you both were working toward
the same objective.
(telepathy)
The same objective?
Yes.
You both wanted peace to prevail
in New Domino City.
But Kite is so angry that he'’’s
not fighting for peace.
He'’’s fighting for revenge.
So it'’’s impossible for you to
get through to him.
No! There's always a way!
I'’’ll figure one out!
Remember what you said?
Use your power...
to keep the world entertained
and smiling.
And that's exactly
what I intend to do.
So please, Yuto, just sit back
and enjoy the show!
I draw!
I'll use Timebreaker Magician
and Performapal Whim Witch to
set the Pendulum Scale!
I'’’m taking control of this duel,
starting now!
Next I'’’m activating Timebreaker
Magician'’’s Pendulum ability.
With it, I can double Whim
Witch'’’s Scale to 8!
Now I can summon as many
monsters
between Levels 3
and 7 as I like.
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Drum to it, Performapal
Drummerilla!
Turn up the heat, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
And now,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
show Galaxy‐Eyes who the tougher
dragon on the field is.
Attack!
And do so to the beat of
Drummerilla'’’s Pendulum ability!
It gives Odd‐Eyes a 600 attack
point power up!
Way to go!
Now Yuya'’’s dragon is the
strongest one in play!
So Kite'’’s top monster
is about to bottom out.
For the last time, Kite,
we'’’re on the same side!
And I can only hope
that this attack
knocks some sense into you!
Go Spiral Flame Strike!
You'’’re in for
a rude awakening Yuya!
The only striking your Dragon'’’s
doing is striking out!
Watch as my spell Double
Exposure transforms
one of your monsters into
another one of your monsters.
I'’’m turning your ape into an
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon.
Huh?
But why would he do that?
I don't wanna know.
(roaring)
I activate the trap
Double Sensorship!
When you have two copies
of the same monster,
you'’’re not allowed to attack!
(roaring)
(gasps)
Oh, no!
Kite used Yuya'’’s own monsters
against him!
Clever move.
Now Drummerilla'’’s special
ability ends,
and Odd Eyes'’’ attack points go
back to normal.
And Timebreaker Magician's
Pendulum ability
will end as well,
which means Whim Witch'’’s scale
returns to normal, too.
Guess I'’’ll end my turn.
Yuya played that last round
perfectly.
He played exactly
the right monsters
with exactly
the right abilities.
But still, Kite was able to keep
him from landing a strike.
Do you think Yuya'’’s finally met
his match, Sylivio?
Definitely.
But that was when Yuya met me.
I still think Yuya can figure
out a way to beat this guy.
No chance,
and you can thank your two dumb
buddies for making sure of that.
Say what?
I pay close attention to the
tactics of everyone I duel,
including your friends.
And since you'’’re so close with
them it'’’s no surprise
that you all utilize very
similar strategies,
so I went ahead and figured out
a way to counter them.
Now it's as though
I know your moves
long before you even have
a chance make them,
as I just demonstrated.
This is awful!
We'’’ve tipped him off
to Yuya'’’s game plan!
You had zero chance
of winning before,
but now you're in
even deeper trouble.
It's my turn.
And first I'’’ll use
one Overlay Unit
to activate Cipher Dragon'’’s
ability!
Cipher Subjection!
(roaring)
With it, I gain control of one
of your monsters
and then I can treat it as
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
No!
My Odd‐Eyes!
I'’’ll now activate the spell card
Cipher Interference!
Go!
And now...
my Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon's
new twin
will attack your wannabe
Odd‐Eyes and crush your monster!
(roaring)
That Drummerilla is about to
really feel the beat!
All right, Drumerilla,
time to drum up some extra
attack points!
600 to be exact!
That'’’s a clever play to reduce
the damage you take, Yuya.
But...
That won't help you
in the slightest
because I'm activating the spell
card Cipher Interference
which doubles Cipher Dragon'’’s
attack points to 6,000!
Lay waste, Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
We'’’ll just see about that!
Go, Cipher Stream
of Destruction!
I activate the Action Spell
Miracle!
It stops my monster from being
destroyed
and cuts the damage
I take in half!
Nice move!
So Action Cards aren'’’t
exclusively for offense.
There are defense types
as well.
You mean you didn'’’t know?
I thought you said that you
figured out all our strategies,
but I guess you figured wrong!
You dare lecture me?
I have more dueling knowledge in
one finger
then your entire brain!
My other Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher
Dragon
will attack Odd‐Eyes
and finish the job!
No!
Go, Cipher Stream of
Destruction!
Aah!
One step too slow.
Now that the battle's over,
my Galaxy‐Eyes'’’ attack points
return to normal.
Then I'’’ll toss a facedown,
Yuya...
and end my turn.
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon now
returns to you.
But I wouldn'’’t get too attached
to it.
I'’’ll destroy it next turn,
along with you!
(thinking)
I'’’ve never dueled someone like
Kite before.
Someone who knows my tactics
so well
he knows what I'’’m gonna do
before I do it!
It'll be tough to beat him
let alone convince him
I'’’m not his enemy.
Not just tough, nearly
impossible.
Yuya, face it.
You can't get through to him.
If you don't want to be
turned into a card,
forget dueltaining
and focus only on winning.
This isn't the time to try
to convince him
that you'’’re not the enemy.
But convincing him
I'm not the enemy
is the only true way to win.
My turn!
Yes!
Oh, no!
Gong can hardly watch this!
Here goes!
First I activate
the Pendulum ability of
Performapal Whim Witch!
It lets me summon it from the
Pendulum Zone to my field!
And now I activate Whim Witch'’’s
special ability!
When summoning a new monster,
Whim Witch counts as two
monsters instead of one,
which is just the right amount
to summon
her magical friend,
Dragoncaller Magician!
And now it'’’s time for a little
abracadabra!
It changes from a Spellcaster
into a Dragon!
Though you may not be able to
tell from the outside,
inside it'’’s got the fire to
scorch the enemy!
Well done. You have two
high‐level Dragons.
(thinking)
Yeah, it's not bad,
but if I'm gonna burn away all
the rage in his heart,
then I'’’ll need a stronger
dragon!
I overlay Level 7 Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon
and Dragoncaller Magician!
Go!
(groans)
Dragon with blazing,
raging eyes,
come and conquer all that stand
against you!
I Xyz Summon...
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon!
So, Kite, how do you like
Odd‐Eyes'’’ makeover?
That'’’s incredible.
He'’’s able to Xyz Summon?
Who in the world is this kid?
And now, Odd‐Eyes
Rebellion Dragon,
attack Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
But...
Yuya won't win.
Both of those dragons have
the same attack points!
He should call it off!
It'’’s cool.
Since I used Dragoncaller
Magician
to summon Odd‐Eyes Rebellion
Dragon,
its attack points are doubled!
All right!
Odd‐Eyes is stronger!
Yuya'’’s totally got this now!
If not for my facedown.
Go, Double Cipher!
By using my remaining
Overlay Unit,
I can now bypass all summoning
requirements and do this:
Return Cipher Dragon to the
field from my Extra Deck!
It is my pleasure
to welcome back
this colossus of the cosmos!
And it will be your pain,
Yuya!
I Xyz Summon!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
And now relive your nightmare
as Cipher Interference doubles
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon's
attack points once again!
You'’’re kidding!
This guy'’’s relentless!
Every time Yuya gets a leg up,
he kicks it out from under him!
He'’’s been able to counter
everything Yuya throws his way!
(roaring)
What a collision!
It took both monsters out!
And that's bad for Yuya
'cause Kite's
still got one monster
left on his field!
I don'’’t see how Yuya
can win this!
I'’’ve done all that I can.
I just can'’’t get through to him!
Use Rebellion Dragon'’’s
special ability.
Huh?
Go for it.
It'’’s the only play
you have left!
I activate Rebellion Dragon'’’s
ability!
When this card leaves
the field,
all cards in the Pendulum Zone
are destroyed,
and I can place Odd‐Eyes
Rebellion Dragon
in one of those Zones.
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon's
Pendulum ability activates,
so now I can take a Pendulum
card from my deck
and place it in the other
Pendulum Zone.
The card I choose is
Performapal Lebellman!
With it, I set the Pendulum
Scale!
I'’’m taking control of this duel,
starting now!
Now I can summon as many
monsters
between Levels 1 and 4
as I like!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
It'’’s go time, Timebreaker
Magician!
Say hey,
Performapal Whim Witch!
(thinking)
Those two monsters have
the same level.
Is he going to
Xyz Summon again?
(telepathy)
I really can't believe
you'’’ve made it this far
by dueltaining.
You still think you can
change Kite'’’s mind, huh?
(telepathy)
Yeah, I do.
But it'’’s much harder
than I thought.
I'’’m barely hanging on.
Maybe there's no way
to change his mind,
to clear his heart of revenge.
But that doesn'’’t mean
I'’’m going to stop trying.
Well, if it means anything to
you, you'’’ve changed my mind.
Look, if there's no way
to make you stop trying...
then I'’’ll have to help you out.
I have no desire to see you,
and especially me,
turned into a card.
You can't change him alone,
but maybe by the two of us
working together,
we can change make Kite
change his ways.
You mean...
I mean let's finish this
as a team.
Let's go!
Now, I activate Performapal
Lebellman'’’s Pendulum ability!
(both) All right, Lebellman,
ring up an extra Level
for all of the monsters
that are on my field.
(dinging)
Next, I overlay Level 4
Timebreaker Magician
with Performapal Whim Witch!
Go!
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most dangerous
of Dragons!
I Xyz Summon!
Dark Rebellion!
XYZ Dragon!
Wait.
Isn't that Yuto's?
That'’’s good.
You still remember.
Back in school,
when Shay and I battled you,
it was always my go‐to.
Yuya, why do you have that
monster?
You stole it, from Yuto.
That must be it!
You thief!
Or maybe not.
Why do I sense Yuto'’’s here?
Stop the duel!
Yuya'’’s our friend.
Is that...?
It'’’s Shay!
Isn'’’t it great, Kite?
Shay'’’s gotten these nice
duelists to help our cause!
I know what
you'’’re thinking.
Three duelists isn't
exactly an army,
but still...
it's something!
So then...
They aren'’’t the enemy?
No, they aren'’’t.
Believe me.
They fight for what
we fight for,
to put a stop to Duel Academy'’’s
destructive ways.
How do you know this
to be true, Shay?
How are you sure?
Because Yuya Sakaki
saved my skin
more times than I can count.
Sakaki?
Come back with us.
Please, Kite.
We've missed you.
That'’’s too bad.
I'’’m much better being off
on my own!
(roaring)
Huh?
(thinking)
Kite?
Kite, he'’’s... gone!
Not good.
If Kite's not on our side,
we'’’ve got a whole new problem
to deal with.